Okay it definitely wasn't all me these
guys helped but as a team we have built
some pretty sick computers over the
years and as we were going through your
guys' submissions for your favorites I
got to confess I had totally forgotten
about some of them me too I believe it
starting with number one oh I didn't
forget about this one this is number one
the pyramid piecy like this was
everyone's favorite no this is just
number one everyone's favorite is the
last one oh it's in reverse order well I
thought the pyramid PC was pretty cool
it was pretty cool does he still use
this not only is it in use but a custom
desk was created to accommodate it shut
up that's actually legitimately pretty
cool it's nice when people like
appreciate stuff I actually don't like
this one really really I've never really
been like the Illuminati pyramid meme
kind of guy I give this an eight out of
10 easy how much I like it it's a four
it would do a lot better for me if it
didn't have the big Gody overclocking
button that turns it off that's sucks
it's a me there's a power button there's
literally a power button I have a cat
yeah but it's just cat would be like oh
I'll I'll give it a seven and a half I
think we should have to do integer
numbers okay eight two no
way there's no way this is top 25 he
literally glued rocks into a computer
and you guys are like oh my God who's
done it before there was imitators
afterwards I don't think anyone did it
did it for a reason I had to wash lips
rocks did you actually I thought did
that myself I don't think you washed my
rock maybe we did it together this is it
looks so half ass the idea is cool the
execution is like a SI and a half I
think it sheded a lot of rocks yeah but
I kept it for 6 years you wash them
better credit to I think it was Brandon
who shot this b-roll for making this pig
look lipstick it's not a pig come on
it's Nots he hates it cuz all his
computers are ugly is your current
computer even built by you his personal
rig was mostly assembled by me and then
it failed why did it fail because it
leaked why did it leak we unplugged the
pump and then he built it again for the
third time in a month it is built by me
though I still think it looks great I
think it counts as extra built by me if
I paid someone to build it then I did it
again myself he paid his paid friend to
build it and then did it again himself
if you want to know someone who I'm
their paid friend how about this message
from our
sponsor Ridge I mean you guys know who
they are by now right they've got
wallets they've got key cases they've
even got luggage and they've got a big
sale for their 11th anniversary that is
happening right now so check them out at
the link down below for some massive
savings this is a four for me I gave it
a 6 and a half but four I'm going to go
with six okay
11 yeah not at all
biased sure thing geod
dude uh this one is okay deserving and
should have been number one to five am I
the only one who was very surprised to
see what a spectacular job Carl Jacobs
and his team did of Glam footag this
thing it looks so good in their video so
he plays Minecraft on a box and then the
climax is playing it on this Godly piece
of computing art if I had to pick I
think that this is my favorite build
that we've ever done and it's nice cuz I
didn't have to do any of it we spend so
much money on this I think the $100,000
price tag ended up being quite
conservative yeah it was like 150 if you
like account for the Machining that
sounds really expensive compared to my
rocks I did say this is my favorite LTT
build ever it's not very practical
though I'm going to go with a nine I
agree nine eight I don't like desk PCS
all right oh it's the full bom PC
speaking of piece of builds that
Lo again I also love it wow look at that
paint workor oh this is a 3D print yeah
so why is it that it's crooked because
the stuff inside is pressing against the
walls so it's deforming the shape so
either way you just did a bad job I mean
it wasn't going to fit I I challenge you
to do a better job what purpose did
these serve
Luke I don't remember those ended up
being if I remember correctly a platform
so I could put I think power supply and
storage or something in there our
modding capabilities internally have
really improved a lot this whole entire
thing was also I think two days uh I
think you mean two days and two nights
yeah you Brandon were here twice in a
row until I believe 2: to 4: in the
morning shooting this mess I love it
when Luke does arts and crafts oh my God
you made a stencil and it still looked
like that why did you make more than one
stencil you know you can just reuse them
God this is insane to think that we did
this to Luke's credit it was not that
easy to put together a super small form
factor machine back then the hardware
choices were extremely limited and there
weren't nearly as many inspirational
guides to follow along with the whole
reason why I wanted to do this was to
kind of show off that graphics card
actually cuz that was a sick card oh
yeah I had to use pieces of cardboard to
stop it from shorting
out so what the community is saying is
they want our builds to be either M
Deluxe or Jank garbage with cardboard
not garbage nothing in between looks
great there's no way that this ran
anything other than thermal throttled up
the butt oh yeah but it functioned not
only did multiple people get inspired by
The Fallout build and build their own
but multiple people were inspired by the
amethyst build and build their own why
you so defensive you're trying to trash
on all my stuff but so far I more builds
in here than yeah he's 50% of our top
builds right now let's see some builds
you've done I I think that's all of mine
though oh you've got other builds I
expect the pizza warming PC to make an
appearance here the engineering
Excellence is fantastic okay like three
three 11 thermal throttles to Hell
impact runs harder than an actual bomb
your PC to be highly performant this is
not it look at the hole it needed the
hole it's not even close to straight it
looks like you spent time to make it
crooked is the PC you've got some
serious like emo band hair going on look
at that look we're not raiding
hairstyles today he was going through
some things the KN to a box fan was my
idea and I think that that actually
added a lot to the video I think it's
still deployed today I think we have it
still it's great this ended up being
such a greater than the sum of its parts
build everything on this table looks
like and then the finished build it was
kind of awesome I love the fans on the
ram I agree with Jake actually those
little Ram fans add a lot and if you
want even more noctua in your life the
noctua X LT screwdriver now available
LTT store.com I can only really give
this a seven cuz it's not that
imaginative but personally eight or nine
four what you just painted stuff beig
and brown yeah like at seven let's say
really out of all the sleepers the Sony
voo are you helped with this this is an
Alex buil his brainchild for
sure what was that for I believe it's
for VM moding this
GPU of course it is Alex is like hm
computer that works how about 700 Watts
on a graphics card shout out this being
just about the most gorgeous GPU block
that I have ever seen yeah it's pretty
looks looks like a nightmare to assemble
wao yeah that looks I guess it's hidden
it doesn't matter that right
there that's what I think of that why is
there a desk there's a desk because
there was no room to put Cooling in this
chassis sweet computer I love that you
utilized the desk to cool it cuz there
was enough space in the thing all yeah
that's sick it doesn't look super
sleeper to me I still think this is a
super cool build this is seven and a
half out of 10 I agree with L 72 you
said a whole number I did seven then
seven yeah seven sweet build though here
it is
the number of labor hours that went into
building this aluminum days and
nights so many more than two days night
that's crazy that's weird it was like
Five Nights at
Freddy's this build took so long that I
now have facial hair one of the biggest
challenges was getting this release
mechanism to work correctly so it was
had a relay so could make it so the head
blew up oh wow kind of thing
if we hadn't tried to do that it
probably could have been done in half
the time what a cool build though really
cool did it overheat no it's got an AO
for fooling and it's got ample it's a
little bigger than the bomb airow yeah
it's a little
bigger that's a feature not a bug I
think the objective was that if you died
in Minecraft we would have some kind of
API something that would make it did it
do that no hey my childhood Minecraft
craft heart is given this like an eight
I I really like this one I think a nine
can you stop stealing my scores what I
was going to say nine oh you're all
eight I'm like oh I have a different
score from Jake for a change oh God
glorious this one is great look at your
hair I think this is better than the
like emo banded hair I don't know is
this about my hair now your hair minus
five I aess six six come on really he's
had so much worse I'm right here what is
going on well we wanted to repurpose a
board that we didn't care about
so we grabbed one that we had already
used for subambient cooling I did not
think he was going to be able to pull
this off this was so Co I went to go see
this like in person because I thought it
was so cool the very best part about it
is either that it pours directly from
the spout of the teapot onto the GPU or
the fact that we filled it with actual
tea there was no movie magic isn't that
amazing that looks like tea I don't know
oh it's tea dude look I brewed this tea
sure yeah that's terrible this whole
thing was fantastic this is an eight for
sure for me it's at least a nine for me
yeah I love this a lot of creativity
into it both sides of the back panel
hilarious using an actual teapot
fantastic using actual really stand out
their designs and everything that
British flag just the every single part
of this is sick it's it's at least a
nine for me this man really okay ainus
build and it's the tank piec not the one
I would have chosen yeah tell us about
this case lus it's in the shape of a
tank what what did you do for this build
I built it you put parts in a case yeah
it's just a case but there's no like
customization there's nothing cool that
you did it's very RGB there no real
expertise correct no skill it was a
little no creativity well I wouldn't no
design work it's very creative I mean
look at that though bang bang I mean the
case is neat if you're like 11 you're
hating on our community not on me I
didn't choose it we did a weird cases
compilation video and then the community
voted how does that work for the one
that they wanted yeah those fans don't
do
anything they are up against a glass
panel they are for show full show it's
definitely better than the bomb build I
disagree those fans also do
nothing yeah we didn't rate that one oh
we didn't rate that one but I don't know
if it's worth a rating this is okay this
is a 10 yeah yeah this is easily a 10
this was Far and Away the top Ed one
from the community couldn't believe the
level of detail look at this b-roll you
can't even tell it's like miniature this
makes me feel bad about
myself don't watch any of my builds in
this one in quick succession God pleas
look at that vending machine most of the
coolness was not done by us this was all
nerd Forge all the way they did an
amazing job it was one of those things
where they said it's our gift to you the
machine and I was like oh my God I want
someone to daily drive this thing so we
ended up um auctioning it for charity at
LTX raised a bunch of money for charity
so massive shout out nerd Forge for that
as well I do agree with the community
vote here 11 yeah and not a Luke 11 like
a real
one yeah we should do another build with
them I think what we should do right now
is talk about which builds we think are
missing from this list where's your
copper tube PC that was not that
exciting compared to the tank oh my God
I had to learn how to bend Co pipe in a
way that didn't look like I ended up
getting the actual final method from Bob
and Rod I think the big thing was
finding a bender that actually had the
same diameter as the outside of the tube
and then filling it with sand so it
doesn't Crush well okay awesome at the
end after all the sanding and polishing
he actually used this as his daily
driver workstation here at work for like
two or three years years until the DDC
died okay this build what I mean I built
it you put a kit together good job
congratulations everyone can play Lego
yeah audience let us know whose build is
this Hey look it's me wow I wonder why
why I am there oh look it's me again wow
this case is this is like the stupidest
case ever but also I love it it's so
cool it weighed a ton it's a single what
was it just cast aluminum thing hand
finished hand polished I think it was
$5,000 or something like that and they
only made a hundred part of the original
idea of the compensator series was for
them to be bad yeah well I mean you hope
it's not bad but was it bad well the SLI
was bad yeah and the case was stupid it
was completely immobile I mean the whole
point is spending the most money you can
on every single thing like in the
consumer like off the shelf standard I
would have daily drove it if I had space
I couldn't lift
it also they gave us number 93 I think I
asked for number 69 look at this I could
have blown out my rectum what seven
Gamers one CPU is this the OG one boys
hold on when I started you see this is 8
years ago I've been here for 8 years one
of my first tasks was taking these water
blocks apart and putting the normal
coolers back on I lied on my job
application and said that I had water
cooled many computers and said that
straight to his face and I didn't break
a single one they were I don't know if
I've ever told you that before yes you
have really oh yeah I totally lied why
am I the one with the nickname liess
yeah I didn't lie about anything you on
the
other the resume fraud Duo this brick of
raw GPU delighted me more than I could
have possibly expressed in the video
plugging in seven gpus one movement all
at once I haven't done it before I
haven't done it since it's so cool that
was like hard never done before yeah at
the time that was really cool remember
when lonus used to do cool things yeah
see he actually built a computer for I
do cool stuff yeah I mean sure this was
one of my favorite collabs this was
really cool yeah shank is so cool and
this build is amazing I missed it I
wasn't able to be here for this I was so
upset I'm pretty sure he SI I mean he's
looked like that in one of the videos we
were watching earlier yeah you want to
rate my hair again oh my God the monitor
so cool I forgot about the monitor this
is a 10 I really like that it's like the
whole thing it's glorious isn't that
monitor like stupid expensive it's an
alien wear thing right it's stupid and
stupid expensive oh yes this thing is
awesome this looks like a normal
computer yep everything's fine it looks
way better than the amethyst machine cuz
it's not full of stupid rocks disagree
it looks boring I'm bored oh yeah are
you bored now son no oh the wig oh yes
there we
go ratee my hair that's an improvement
it's better yeah for sure and remember
this is going through the computer like
there's some leakage
this is just dumb what this is the point
you realized that I love that bills it
cooled really well it was super
effective it's here it is called it this
is probably the best thing I've ever
done you look
just like you hate everything I did I
think I was like this video is horrible
I'll try to make it more interesting by
asking the Panago guy how to heat pizza
with a computer so I understand the damn
video it wasn't to heat the computer was
to keep it from cooling down so I arrive
on set and there's a cold pizza sitting
there and I'm like why is the pizza cold
and it's like so we can warm it up with
the computer I'm like oh my God no we're
supposed to have a pizza on the computer
warming pan and a control pizza that's
just cooling down and we're supposed to
track the temperature decline over time
things were very well planned I've heard
of this crazy thing called an insulated
bag
Mark me we are redoing the pizza Waring
PC we're doing it this year you know you
might actually be able to heat up a cold
piece of pizza now just because of how
much power computers drop this is
actually true like 2 490s and like a
13900 Pizza warming PC maybe viable now
oh wow I think this is recency bias this
build sucks it's like a four it's so
stupid I love Elijah but like I
definitely wouldn't want it but it's a
fun video this computer was awful none
of the screens work they worked no I
know they worked after Elijah spent like
a week getting them to work yeah what
not two nights what do you
mean hey I like this one the hack the
hack Pro speak I totally forgot about
this but this is cool that were a
nightmare to get going how many videos
are there it's finally done such a cool
chassis like blackout I love it cheese
grater and this system ended up being
wicked fast it looks very cool look at
this system though yeah like this was
sick it has a phase change cooling
system in the basement yeah we still had
this case like are you uh actually
someone offered to buy it yeah we still
had like we had it for the longest time
should I sell it for $400 I feel like
it's worth more than $400 I think it's
worth a lot more than $400 but it's been
taking up space for I think you should
just give it to them eight years I
actually liked the more ugly sleepers
better personally this one was awesome
cuz they're actually sleep was so cool
yeah see like that's sick like you went
overboard on the devices in the front
but that doesn't make it look too clean
it makes it look like it was a prop in a
video game yeah which is sweet this
machine is spectacular the monitor is
super cool go look at the final shot of
the mineral oil one that we did back in
the house it's baby L it's baby you too
like that's so cool you're a door I
think you I think you have a fetish
though that is so cool are we going to
do another one how is that not cool
pretty bubbles that was sick you use
that minerala computer for years how are
you going to how are you going to throw
at me for that even while it was leaking
huh I did I love it sick I love it I'm
just saying you have a
fetish maybe so do you okay we've built
a lot of freaking computers yeah like
that bit in the intro I'm like I forgot
some of them I I was like yeah I mean
you know I forgot the chiller I
legitimately forgot I forgot that
Chiller Tower 100% tons of this stuff
speaking of Chiller Tower oh my god oh
yeah oh my God it's like evaporation man
[Laughter]
holy this thing still doesn't have a
million views so yeah it's a bong this
is it and it almost killed the computer
and lus was very upset basically there's
falling water in these tubes and there's
air being pushed into it and up it the
evaporation of the water as it falls
causes the water to be chilled below the
ambient temperature then it pulls in the
bottom gets pumped up to the CPU and
then goes back up to the top to fall
down so you can actually achieve
subambient cooling without phase change
cooling but it is phase change cooling
you just don't need a compressor yeah
almost no power draw yeah yeah it's
super cool like they use it for data
centers and stuff oh God my first gaming
PC there it is boy I wish I remembered
all the parts of mine cuz I would have
just done this as like a fun project at
home I didn't have a GPU I used onboard
Graphics cuz I thought it's GeForce it
must be good there was a lot of really
misleading stuff back then well it's
still misleading remember SLI ran that's
the thing like there's a reason that I
advocate so strongly for numbering and
naming schemes that make sense because I
fell for it when I didn't know better
yeah wait you're telling me the 490 in
my laptop isn't the same as the 490 in
my desktop yeah oh I forgot about this
one though this build is amazing it
helps that I thought the OG Xbox console
itself looked super cool getting all
that stuff in there not easy oh it was a
thing some people were pretty upset at
us for stripping it oh my God this card
covered in masking tape why is it taped
like thator from metal shards yeah oh my
go right cuz he s off the connector hey
look at all the metal that was in the
graphics
card what was that I have a bit of a
thing for hot rodding stuff through the
side of a case apparently I get credit
for this one cuz uh this is me but look
at the side of this computer that's
sweet that's cool passive cooling baby
yeah that's wicked so here's another all
radiator PC y so that's what the water
looked like I think that face
encapsulates how I feel about this
computer so far sus those are usually
filled with oil right yeah so like you
we've cleaned it out oh yeah it didn't
matter though oh yeah yeah 100% it
worked great though this thing cooled
like a hot
Dam she's a 10 boys she's a 10 the side
pan if only you could actually order
that from AliExpress wait did he ET it
on the wrong side
yeah oh God the Colton dancing is is the
best part no the best part is this segue
to our
sponsor delete me ever feel like your
personal info is on a global sharing
spree without your say well you're
probably right but there's no need to
fear because delete me is here delete me
is the ultimate Defender against those
countless online profiles that are SP in
your secrets you know the kind that
scammers use to shower you with Robo
calls and spam emails which does sound
like a really terrible shower if you
think about it and let's not even talk
about the nightmare of fraud or identity
theft other than to say that you are at
risk of those things with your info out
there for the taking so now that we're
done with that part wiping all that data
by yourself sounds borderline impossible
doesn't it well not with delete me their
Nifty software and expert Squad can
sweep it away in minutes saving you
hours on average 2,000 pieces of data
are wiped from the web in a customer's
first 2 years of using delete me talk
about a cleanup crew so head over to the
link below and use code LT for a sweet
20% off if you guys enjoyed this video
why not check out the time we reacted to
our worst
videos was there any overlap here yes
Pizza
heater